Blog Assigned Topic: Why did you decide to learn software development?

	Someone once asked me about how I was doing with learning how to code..
I told them.."It's like learning a super power."

I have always looked up to computer programmers. Looked at them as if they were supernaturally functioning beings, possessing super strength in their brains. Only the most brilliant of minds can look at a screen of what seems to be endless streams of garbled text and understand what each and every character meant. They are superheroes with the superpower of intellect and digital creation in a technological universe. They could make machines do anything they could possibly dream of. They are essentially the gods of machine.

I have always been awed by computer parts and terminal prompts. It always felt so comfortable to me..as if I belonged there instead of out in the wilderness of people and messy social lives and structures of etiquette. Seeing rows of towers and computer screens have always been safe haven of peace. Computer fans a hum of tranquility. 

I am a creator.

I am an artist. I am a forever-student. I love to build environments and pseudo-entities that have unique qualities that are beautiful in my eyes. I have an obsession with being different. To having an open heart and seeing things in the ways that no one else could. I find beauty in the weary, the neglected, and the abandoned.

Naturally, I am consumed with a desire to learn. I have a passion to understand and a thirst for conquering the world-unseen. Whether it be in my faith or with the tangible things littering spaces.. I want to know how it exists and why. I want to understand my relationship with it, and how everything connects. The greatest peace comes with making it my own.

I had computers that glowed blue when I visually preferred red. I took it apart, I figured it out, and I made my wish come true. I played in simulators that were too boring, I took that apart and figured it out. I made that mine too.

Computer programming is just another aspect of my heart. It is the playground of endless possibility. To create something from nothing and sow something beautiful to my standards. To my care. To my attention. To my heart, my love. I have always looked at scripts and program code only to drool for understanding it. 

God gave me hands to create, and in this world, I can make something beautiful.
Coding is my paintbrush and with that I wield new worlds.
